
Data=[
	Synopsis	Title
74	"The Autobiography of One of the World's Finest Ever Batsman.
'AB has become the most valuable cricketer on the planet' Adam Gilchrist
AB de Villiers is one of the finest batsmen ever to play cricket, and yet his achievement extends beyond his outrageous armoury of drives, pulls, paddles, scoops and flicks.
Whether he is delighting home crowds at the Wanderers or Newlands or setting new records in Bengaluru or Sydney, he plays the game in a whole-hearted manner that projects a positive image of his country around the world, and also makes millions of South Africans feel good about themselves.
This is AB's story, in his own words. The story of the youngest of three talented, sports-mad brothers growing up in Warmbaths, of a boy who excelled at tennis, rugby and cricket, of a youngster who made his international debut at the age of twenty and was then selected in every single test played by South Africa for the next eleven seasons, of a batsman who has started to redefine the art, being ranked among the world's very best in test, ODI and T20.
Through all the pyrotechnics and consistency, AB de Villiers has remained a true sportsman - quick to deflect praise, swift to praise opponents, eager to work hard, to embrace the team's next challenge and to relish what he still regards as the huge privilege of representing his country.
This is the story of a modern sporting phenomenon."	AB de Villiers - The Autobiography
200	In his lifetime and since his death, Paramhansa Yogananda has inspired thousands of people worldwide to adopt a spiritual lifestyle. He brought yoga to the West, where he established churches, spending nearly three decades teaching yoga and meditation. Autobiography of a Yogi tells the story of Yogananda’s search for spiritual enlightenment, his relationship with his guru and his teachings in Kriya Yoga. The book gives a compelling insight into the spiritual leader as he takes us on his journey from his early childhood in Gorakhpur to California in the 1940s. Along the way, we are introduced to the men and women who had a lasting impact on his life – and those whose lives he changed forever.	Autobiography of a Yogi
237	"The legend. In his own words.

From the poverty-stricken streets of Sao Paulo to an international icon and one of the most celebrated footballers of all time, Pele's life story is as extraordinary as it is enrapturing. With his trademark wit and deference, the legend draws us into a wonderful story lit by insight and humour and encompassing everything you ever wanted to know about the great man himself.

From shining shoes for extra pennies at the Baru Athletic Club to triumph in several World Cups, the glory of being on top of the world -- and staying there -- is shared in what is undoubtedly one of the must-read autobiographies of the year. On top of his athletic achievements, Pele has also been a staunch campaigner for human rights and in particular the plight of street children in his home country, leading to an appointment as a UN Ambassador and an honorary knighthood from the British monarchy.

By turns addictive, moving and enlightening, this is the ultimate story of the rise of a star and an amazing testimony to how even the lowliest of society's people can reach the dizzying heights of worldwide adoration and success."	Pele: The Autobiography
294	"The fascinating life story of professional cricketer Kevin Pietersen, MBE, from his childhood in South Africa to his recent experiences as one of the leading lights in the world of international cricket.
Kevin was dropped from the England squad in February of this year, seemingly calling time on an international career that began nearly ten years earlier. The decision puzzled many observers - although the England team had failed miserably in the Ashes tour of 2013-14, Kevin was the tourists' leading run scorer across the series, and he remains the country's highest run scorer of all time across all formats of the game.
This autumn Kevin will reveal all in his autobiography, telling the stories behind the many other highs and lows of his incredible career. Giving readers the full story of his life, from his childhood in South Africa to his recent experiences as one of the leading lights in the world of international cricket, this will be an autobiography that entertains and fascinates readers in equal measure."	KP: The Autobiography
345	"My Autobiography (Modern Classics) is the autobiography of one of the most prominent and well known comedians worldwide, Charles Charlie Chaplin. Charlie Chaplin played the role of a comedian in many silent movies and is praised till today for the his legendary slapstick routines
My Autobiography (Modern Classics) talks about the life of one of the greatest filmmakers and comedians, with an introduction by David Robinson. The book tells the reader about the events in the childhood of the Charlie Chaplin that drove him to dream to become an actor, and chronicles the various hardships he faced in reaching his goal. Having been born into a theatrical family, the world of acting was never anew to Chaplin but he faced many challenges due to poverty and the untimely death of his drunkard father, leaving behind his mother mentally unstable and unable to cope with the harsh economy. All these factors drove Chaplin to make his first official debut in acting on the Music Hall Stage. The book also talks about the worldwide fame Charlie Chaplin acquired after the success of his film The Little Tramp, and also the various harsh events that followed suit in the form of failed marriages and personal scandals which lead to his exile from Hollywood.
The book was published in 2003 by Penguin UK and is available in paperback."	Modern Classics My Autobiography (Penguin Modern Classics)
485	"He is one of the most beloved athletes in history and one of the most gifted men ever to step onto a tennis court – but from early childhood Andre Agassi hated the game.
Coaxed to swing a racket while still in the crib, forced to hit hundreds of balls a day while still in grade school, Agassi resented the constant pressure even as he drove himself to become a prodigy, an inner conflict that would define him. Now, in his beautiful, haunting autobiography, Agassi tells the story of a life framed by such conflicts.
Agassi makes us feel his panic as an undersized seven-year-old in Las Vegas, practicing all day under the obsessive gaze of his violent father. We see him at thirteen, banished to a Florida tennis camp. Lonely, scared, a ninth-grade dropout, he rebels in ways that will soon make him a 1980s icon. By the time he turns pro at sixteen, his new look promises to change tennis forever, as does his lightning fast return.
And yet, despite his raw talent, he struggles early on. We feel his confusion as he loses to the world's best, his greater confusion as he starts to win. After stumbling in three Grand Slam finals, Agassi shocks the world, and himself, by capturing the 1992 Wimbledon. Overnight he becomes a fan favorite and a media target.
Agassi brings a near-photographic memory to every pivotal match, and every public relationship. Alongside vivid portraits of rivals, Agassi gives unstinting accounts of his brief time with Barbra Streisand and his doomed marriage to Brooke Shields. He reveals the depression that shatters his confidence, and the mistake that nearly costs him everything. Finally, he recounts his spectacular resurrection and his march to become the oldest man ever ranked number one.
In clear, taut prose, Agassi evokes his loyal brother, his wise coach, his gentle trainer, all the people who help him regain his balance and find love at last with Stefanie Graf.
With its breakneck tempo and raw candor, Open will be read and cherished for years. A treat for ardent fans, it will also captivate readers who know nothing about tennis. Like Agassi's game, it sets a new standard for grace, style, speed and power."	Open: An Autobiography
708	"A true-life sporting memoir of one of the best batsman in the game who stunned the cricket world when he prematurely ended his own England career. Trescothick’s brave and soul-baring account of his mental frailties opens the way to a better understanding of the unique pressures experienced by modern-day professional sportsmen.
At 29, Marcus Trescothick was widely regarded as one of the batting greats. With more than 5,000 Test runs to his name and a 2005 Ashes hero, some were predicting this gentle West Country cricket nut might even surpass Graham Gooch's record to become England's highest ever Test run scorer.
But the next time Trescothick hit the headlines it was for reasons no one but a handful of close friends and colleagues could have foreseen.
On Saturday 25 February 2006, four days before leading England into the first Test against India in place of the injured captain Vaughan, Trescothick was out for 32 in the second innings of the final warm-up match. As he walked from the field he fought to calm the emotional storm that was raging inside him, at least to hide it from prying eyes. In the dressing room he broke down in tears, overwhelmed by a blur of anguish, uncertainty and sadness he had been keeping at bay for longer than he knew.
Within hours England's best batsman was on the next flight home. His departure was kept secret until after close of play when coach Duncan Fletcher told the stunned media his acting captain had quit the tour for 'personal, family reasons.'
Until now, the full, extraordinary story of what happened that day and why, of what preceded his breakdown has never been told. He reveals for the first time that he almost flew home from the 2004 tour to South Africa – of what caused it and of what followed – his comeback to the England side and a second crushing breakdown nine months later that left him unable to continue the 2006-07 Ashes tour down under.
Coming Back to Me replaces the myths and rumours with the truth as Trescothick talks with engaging openness and enthusiasm about his rise to the top of international cricket; and describes with equal frankness his tortured descent into private despair."	Coming Back To Me: The Autobiography of Marcus Trescothick
745	"‘My story, without the spin.’
From the start of his glittering career in 1992, to his official retirement from all formats of the game in 2013, Shane Warne has long desired to tell his incredible story without compromise. No Spin is that very story. It will offer a compelling intimate voice, true insight and a pitch-side seat to one of cricket’s finest eras, making this one of the ultimate must-have sports autobiographies.
Shane is not only one of the greatest living cricket legends: he is as close as the game has had since Botham to a maverick genius on the field and a true rebel spirit off it, who always gives audiences what they want. Despite being the talismanic thorn in England’s side for nearly two decades of regular Ashes defeats, he was also much loved in the UK where he played cricket for Hampshire. He’s also a much-admired figure in India and South Africa.
Alongside his mesmerising genius as a bowler, Shane has often been a controversial figure and in this book he's talk with brutal honesty about some of the most challenging times in his life as a player. Honest, thoughtful, fearless and loved by millions, Shane is always his own man and this book is a testament to his brilliant career."	No Spin: My Autobiography
805	"The fascinating life story of professional cricketer Kevin Pietersen, MBE, from his childhood in South Africa to his recent experiences as one of the leading lights in the world of international cricket.
Kevin was dropped from the England squad in February of this year, seemingly calling time on an international career that began nearly ten years earlier. The decision puzzled many observers - although the England team had failed miserably in the Ashes tour of 2013-14, Kevin was the tourists' leading run scorer across the series, and he remains the country's highest run scorer of all time across all formats of the game.
This autumn Kevin will reveal all in his autobiography, telling the stories behind the many other highs and lows of his incredible career. Giving readers the full story of his life, from his childhood in South Africa to his recent experiences as one of the leading lights in the world of international cricket, this will be an autobiography that entertains and fascinates readers in equal measure."	KP: The Autobiography
887	The life story of the world’s greatest motorcycle rider — five-time-winner of the World Championships and one of the superstars of the sporting world — his post race antics and cheeky personality have won him as many fans as his on-track prowess.	What If I Had Never Tried It: The Autobiography

]

FeatureAreas =
{bestseller yes or not , the result should be on a scale of 1-100,
Thriller/Myserty or Not,
Historic or not,
PartofSeries or not,
IncludesPictures ,
is it a Biography
}

Ques= What Features can you obtain from above data using NLP techniques 